Michael Phelps vs ryan lochte in the
200-meter i am what a showdown between
two greats Ryan Lochte beat Michael
Phelps early in the 400 I am so this was
a great show down in the 200-meter I am
with the butterfly the breaststroke the
backstroke and the Freestyle Michael
Phelps and Ryan Lochte were the only two
left at the end Michael Phelps did a
great job in the butterfly started out
with a lead in that and kept the lead
through the backstroke and the
breaststroke the backstroke would
probably be Ryan lock these better
compared to mock Phelps but Michael
Phelps still kept the lead over Ryan
Lochte then there was one more the
freestyle Michael Phelps didn't compete
in any of the free sullivan's in this
thing other than the real a while Ryan
Lochte competed in the 200-meter
freestyle but finish out of the metals
so these are two great players to be
heading against each other into the
final turn the final 50 meters and in
the final 50 meters so Ryan Lochte comes
charging from second place and attempt
to get that gold medal and take the
second one from Michael Phelps after
winning the 400 meter I am but it was
not to be as Michael Phelps maintained
his lead in the 50 meters to finish and
now has 20 medals and 16 gold medals
just patting his lead over every single
other person that's ever been to the
Olympics he is the world's best swimmer
in the greatest olympian of all time and
he showed it again Ryan Lochte vs.
Michael Phelps the last time they will
ever face off against each other and
michael phelps won it what an amazing
finish for myself